hey i am wiki from wikis modeblog me
am a fashion blogger from hamburg and
Of course I have a great passion
for beauty products I'm sitting here for
you guys in the cinema studio today and have two
great products for you i love you
like to introduce and besides
I'll make up with this once
brush z that's how it looks and will
I use with this cosmetics
cassette with this palette make-up I
me now in pink pink, he is now one
absolute color trend at least in the
fashion and it is nice then me too
I'm also the topic today
dressed accordingly if you what
in fashion then comes before also in the
make up can find again
I use the eyeshadow first
applicator and look for a bright
color out of the color palette so that me
a nice fresh bright primer
I'm on it then
I can carry on working too
something of the eyeshadow under the
eyebrow on as you will see that
eye thereby optically enlarged now
I want to give the eye more depth and
For that I use the shading
brush and look for a nice color
which is a bit darker and then
pressed the brush into the lid fold and
could it with the brush so right
beautiful, by the way, apply the beautiful
this brushing is that it is about
synthetic hair is what I am talking about
Animal lover, of course, I'm glad that there
no animal perches on the island top and
if he is allergic to that
Of course , nice because if you are
has beautifully made up and then the eye
you can swell or turn
that make-up also right now
I use the brushstroke brush and for
I'm looking for one more
darker shade from this palette
and I think I 'll catch that
here in the middle
that way the eye gets a little bit more
structure and also at the bottom
eyelash wreath I would now again
something to draw your eyes
still nice to the validity comes around
glued eyelashes after showering
to separate mascara
I use those eyelashes and now
brush eyebrows that I know
All determines and that is really
very handy so you can order
school fly legs
just eliminate here you see two
different gloss colors
thus that it is now going on, I will
use the darker ones and wear them
color now with the so-called
cat tongues on
last come to call to attention and
you can make your face narrower
want to do here under the
begin cheekbones and then you
work forwards and backwards and
I have already so a narrow
face and just wants a bit
look fresher and there you can
then apple cheek if it is so
would like to call
Make-up here absorbs some color and
that is a bit silly of me , unfortunately
I'll grin a little bit now
then simply make-up this this
Basin stands for something a bit more color
I'm glad to get in the face
course at by nature very pale
image
that is just a ready login pink i
Hope he likes you and you can
some tips from me on walls nice
that he had watched